# smallbizreceipttracking
Contains the SQL and C# code for the Small Biz Receipt Tracking Database, API, and UI.

# Code Coverage
Code coverage is generated by leveraging the OpenCover and ReportGenerator NuGet packages. These packages are added to each test project. This project uses XUnit as the test framework and requires the xunit.runner.visualstudio NuGet package to run tests in Visual Studio and sync to the Test Explorer results, and the xunit.runner.console to run tests via command line, which is required for the code coverage batch files to work.

Code Coverage Scripts location: smallbizreceipttracking/SmallBizReceiptTrackingAPI/CodeCoverage

The code coverage batch files contain commands to:
1) Run the OpenCover.Console.exe calling the test framework's console runner against a given test project directory and outputting the results in an XML file.
2) Run the ReportGenerator against the previously generated XML file to get an HTML version that is human readable.
3) Open the code coverage results HTML file

There are three code coverage batch files:
1) Unit Tests
2) Integration Tests
3) All Tests

The Unit Tests batch file primarily exists to be leveraged in the build process as I don't want to run integration tests during the build process. The Integration Tests exists in the event I want to solely run integration tests as there will be fewer integration tests for this project than unit tests. The All Tests exists so that I can run all of the tests to see a complete code coverage analysis before I consider dev work for a given feature complete.

If a test project is not included in the appropriate batch file, that test project will not be reflected in the code coverage results.
